Update 26.1 (#272)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: eud-for-devexpress-reports/reporting-for-desktop/print-preview/print-preview-for-winforms/exporting/pdf-specific-export-options.md

legacyId: 4328
---
# PDF-Specific Export Options

When [exporting a document](exporting-from-print-preview.md), you can configure PDF-specific export options using the following dialog.

![WinForms Document Preview - PDF Export Options](../../../images/img7320.png)

## General Options

* **Page range**
	
	Specifies a range of pages that will be included in the resulting file. To separate page numbers, use commas. To set page ranges, use hyphens.
* **Don't embed these fonts**
	
	Specifies font names that should not be embedded into the resulting file to reduce the file size. To separate fonts, use semicolons.
* **Export editing fields to AcroForms**

> 	Specifies whether to convert a report's editing fields to interactive form fields (AcroForms) in the exported PDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Specifies whether to convert report editing fields to interactive form fields (AcroForms) in the exported PDF.
```

* **PDF/A compatibility**
	
	Specifies document compatibility with the PDF/A specification (PDF/A-1a, PDF/A-1b, PDF/A-2a, PDF/A-2b, PDF/A-3a, PDF/A-3b).
* **PDF/UA compatibility**

	Specifies whether to conform the exported PDF document to the PDF/UA (Universal Accessibility) standard. The following values are available:
	* **PDF/UA-1** — based on **ISO 14289-1** and PDF 1.7.
	* **PDF/UA-2** — based on **ISO 14289-2** and PDF 2.0.
	
* **Rasterize Images**

	Specifies whether to rasterize vector images during export.
* **Rasterization Resolution**

	Specifies the resolution (in DPI) used for rasterized images.
* **Convert images to JPEG**
	
	Specifies whether to convert all bitmaps to JPEG format during export.
* **Image quality**
	
	Specifies the document's image quality level. The higher the quality, the bigger the file, and vice versa.

## Password Security

> Click the **...** button next to **Password security** to open the **Password Security** dialog. You can require a password to open the document and restrict editing, printing, and copying. Use the **Encryption Level** option to specify the encryption algorithm (128-bit AES, 256-bit AES, or 128-bit ARC4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the **...** button next to **Password security** to open the **Password Security** dialog. You can require a password to open the document and restrict options to edit, print, and copy. Use the **Encryption Level** option to specify the encryption algorithm (128-bit AES, 256-bit AES, or 128-bit ARC4).
```

Author: ```suggestion
Click the **...** button next to **Password security** to open the **Password Security** dialog. You can require a password to open the document and restrict permissions to edit, print, and copy. Use the **Encryption Level** option to specify the encryption algorithm (128-bit AES, 256-bit AES, or 128-bit ARC4).
```
